Document hardware used for testing Bluetooth with remote proxies (#38759)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/bluetooth.markdown

When adding multiple remote adapters to increase range or available connection slots, separate them enough to avoid interference with each other.

For development and testing of Bluetooth proxies, the Home Assistant Bluetooth integration team primarily uses the [Olimex ESP32-POE-ISO-EA](https://www.olimex.com/Products/IoT/ESP32/ESP32-POE-ISO/open-source-hardware) together with the [Olimex BOX-ESP32-POE-ISO-EA-F](https://www.olimex.com/Products/IoT/ESP32/BOX-ESP32-POE-ISO/). These devices are compatible with [ESPHome ready-made projects](https://esphome.io/projects/index.html).

> > **Note:**  
> > - The `-EA` variant offers significantly better RF performance compared to the standard non-`EA` model.  
> > - If the `ESP32-POE-ISO-EA` is out of stock, the `ESP32-POE-ISO-EA-IND` is a good alternative.  
> > - The `ESP32-POE-ISO-WROVER-EA` model is **not recommended**, as it uses a different pin configuration and is not compatible with ESPHome ready-made projects.

Author: ```suggestion
{% tip %}
- The `-EA` variant offers significantly better RF performance compared to the standard non-`EA` model.  
- If the `ESP32-POE-ISO-EA` is out of stock, the `ESP32-POE-ISO-EA-IND` is a good alternative.  
- The `ESP32-POE-ISO-WROVER-EA` model is **not recommended**, as it uses a different pin configuration and is not compatible with ESPHome ready-made projects.
{% endtip %}
```
